Labs Schedule
Lab 0	Device Query	Henry	Nikhil	1/25/21	1/29/21	graded
Lab 1	Vector Addition	Jinghua	Nikhil	1/25/21	2/5/21	graded
Lab 2	Simple Matrix Multiply	Nikhil	Jinghua	2/1/21	2/12/21	graded
Lab 3	Tiled Matrix Multiply	Jinghua	Nikhil	2/8/21	2/19/21	graded
Lab 4	3D Convolution	Henry	Jayati	2/15/21	2/26/21	
Lab 5.1	List Reduction	Jayati	Jonathan	3/15/21	3/26/21	
Lab 5.2	Scan	Henry	Jonathan	3/22/21	4/2/21	
Lab 6	Histogramming	Jayati	Jinghua	4/5/21	4/16/21	
Lab 7	Sparse Matrix Multiply	Henry	Jonathan	4/12/21	4/23/21	
Doing labs on your own machine
If you'd like to develop MPs on your own machine, you'll need the wb library used for the course (<wb.h>, wbLog, etc.). You can combine this library with the template code provided on WebGPU to develop and test the MPs on a different machine with CUDA. 



First, you will need to set up your local environment:

To develop and compile your CUDA on your own machine, a Linux or at least a scripting environment is required. The following is a brief introduction on how to set up your local environment (Ubuntu as an example):

Prepare a Linux system or similar scripting environment. (Windows is not recommended).
Verify that you have a valid Nvidia GPU installed in the system by running:
           lspci | grep -i nvidia
       3. Install build-essentials:

           sudo apt-get update
           sudo apt-get install build-essential
       4. Visit https://developer.nvidia.com/cuda-downloads?target_os=Linux&target_arch=x86_64, and select the corresponding distribution and version of your Linux, then download it.

       5. Follow the instruction and run the installation.

       6. Run “gcc --version” and “nvcc --version" and check whether they report any error. If not, you are good to go to the next step.



* For more details, please visit https://docs.nvidia.com/cuda/cuda-installation-guide-linux/index.html#download-nvidia-driver-and-cuda-software



Second, you should compile your code with the library used for webgpu:

The source code for the library is available on Github.

      1. First, clone the libwb to a prepared folder.

      2. run "make all" and wait for the compiling process to complete (If errors show up, check whether you have cmake and gcc packages installed)

      3. place your own codes in a separate ".cu" file under the same path of your prepared folder. And run

          nvcc -std=c++11 -rdc=true -c mp1.cu -o mp1.o      (This line will generate an C object file from your code)
      4. And then, link the C object file from your code against the given libwb library. 

          nvcc -std=c++11 -o <program_name> mp1.o lib/libwb.so    (This line link the object file to shared object file generated by cmake in step1)


Once linked against the library, and now you should see a binary file with <program_name> generated, and then you can launch your program as follows:

         ./program -e <expected_output_file> -i <input_file_1>,<input_file_2> -o <output_file> -t <type>
The <expected_output_file> and <input_file_n> are the input and output files provided in the datasets. The <output_file> is the location you’d like to place the output from your program. The <type> is the output file type: vector, matrix, or image. If an MP does not expect an input or output, then pass none as the parameter.



